oh you mean you put a pillow over your
mouth you don't like chocolate or
something what a sexy thing noise this
telling I wake up oh no I'll just be
call you're not freaking out about
having a second kid sweetie how do you
keep finding mommy filled oh we really
got to gather some dolls doesn't miss
pinky want some tea we didn't really
sell yep in 30 days if everything goes
well you close assuming leather
fraternity doesn't move in next door
you're gonna be fine hi we're your
neighbors welcome to our sorority
[Music]
and they're much smarter shut this
down that's right I'm switching sides if
we steal their stash you won't be able
to pay the rent
what's the plan I'm gonna dance just you
dancing is enough to distract the entire
sorority do you listen to celebrities
you called our parents dad what is this
what happened one little girl
this is a very big deal we turn it off
we can turn off
[Music]
this isn't working it's a little hard to
call cops without a phone give us that
back yeah it's called a cork dumbass
homo phone
that's our way out the blast from this
airbag will propel you up straight
through that vent time to save my family
[Music]